Hey, good morning, family. I'm going to do another video for you all today.
It's heavy on my heart to pray for Israel: Israel at war, Israel and Palestine.
I'm going to bring some of my old words that I have given about Israel right now.
I'm going to show you each one of them; I think there's just two on there.
I'm trying to put all of them together, but I just don't have time.
For whoever's watching this, this is what the Lord showed me.
I told you about this war that's about to happen that they announced yesterday: a bunch of men are going to come out of Syria, and they're all in a single-file line.
You'll hear this. I know Jesus is coming, y'all, and I believe we're almost to the Ezekiel 38-39 war.
I believe we're right on the heels of this, and we're going to see this war and God manifest His hand in protecting Israel in a supernatural way.
There will be no question whenever this happens that there is a God in heaven, that we will see a glorious sign and wonder of our Father's protection over His land.
It's going to be seen everywhere. I'm just telling you, there will be no doubt that there is a God that is over Israel, and His name is El Elyon, the Most High.
I am that I am. The same God that was for the children of Israel and delivered them out of the hand of Egypt and Pharaoh is going to deliver them out of this.
I'm telling you, we're going to see signs and wonders in these last days, and this is going to be an amazing sign that's about to take place.
I want to say, grab a bucket of popcorn and a soda and get ready, because we're going to see our God do great and mighty things, folks. This is just part of it.
We're going to see the outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord like we've never seen before: a creative, miracle-working power through His body, laying hands on the sick, casting out devils, raising the dead.
We're going to see marriages restored; we're going to see blinded eyes opened, ears popping open.
Autistic children are going to be delivered by the power of God.
I hope you're ready for what you're about to see in these last days.
You need to stir yourself up because Jesus Christ is about to do something amazing for the body of Christ.
I'm telling you, there's a remnant of people who are going to walk in a prosperity like we've never seen before.
We're going to see people walk in creative miracles like we've never seen before.
We heard about things in the Bible, but we're about to hear about great things in these last days. Jesus is coming, Jesus is coming, and Jesus is coming.
You need to know that if you're lukewarm, if your heart's not right, if you're living in a compromising state, you need to get your heart right and you need to wake up.
There's a great shaking about to take place in these last days, and I'm telling you, folks, you better not be walking in compromise.
You need to wake up because of those ten virgins: five had their lamps full and five had their lamps that were empty.
They went to go seek to find the oil, and it was too late because the bridegroom had come. Are you one of them? That's what I have to ask you.
Are you one of those people that don't have their lamps full, that are not on fire for Jesus, that are lukewarm?
He said, "Beloved, I wish that you would be hot or you would be cold, but if you're lukewarm, I'll spew you out of my mouth."Do not be lukewarm in these last days.
The enemy comes like a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour, and he's going to devour the cold ones and the lukewarm ones.
He's not going to devour my house. The Bible says that He rebukes the devourer for our sake.
When we tithe and we give and we sow our offerings, he's not devouring my house.
I'm a tither. Are you a tither? Are you a giver? I believe with all my heart He said He rebukes the devourer for our sake.
He will provide seed for the sower. He said He's never seen the righteous forsaken or their seed begging bread.
In these last days, I believe with all my heart that He's going to take care of you.
There are dark days coming, but there's great light coming.
I believe with all my heart great light is coming to the believer, to the remnant. It's time to stir yourself up.
Revival came with prayer: staying in prayer, staying on your knees before Him, seeking His face daily, not just on Sunday.
Some people will say, "What are you talking about?"Well, you know a lot of people's relationship with the Lord is just about Sundays.
It's just, "Oh well, we worship God on Sundays."No, you need to worship on Monday through Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Make Him a 24/7, seven-days-a-week God, not just a Sunday God. We're going to have a relationship with Him all the time.
So I want to encourage you all today: it's not all doom and gloom.
I told you it's like a quarter; you can focus on one side or you can focus on the other.
The light's going to get brighter, and the dark's going to get darker.
Birthing pains are going to keep taking place in these last days, and the birthing pains are going to come stronger and stronger.
We're seeing them in Israel right now. We're seeing them with what's going on with our border.
We're seeing them take place all throughout the world with Europe and the agreements that are taking place.
The words that I've given about Poland, the word that I gave about Turkey and Russia having an agreement—I saw Turkey joining it and starting beating their war drums.
We're seeing the manifestations of stuff taking place like never before. The Bible says watch the fig tree in these last days.
So I'm going to go right now to the video and we're going to watch the fig tree, and I'm going to show you the prophecy.
I was shown Israel and Iran and these other countries were all coming against Israel, but the United States turned our back.
We turned our back, and the Lord said this is what's going to happen during the Ezekiel 38 and 39 war.
People have always wondered, "Where's the United States in this?"We don't do anything; we don't help them.
We are like, "Well, you know, we just kind of watch, idly stand by and just watch."That's what I saw.
And so then I see because we betrayed Israel, we opened an attack for China to come in and get us.
And so I saw China get us, and I saw it came as this dragon, and it looked like a red streaking dragon.
And so then the Lord showed me and He said, "Watch Hawaii."And I could see Hawaii and all these F-16-looking fighter planes coming in and they were just shooting missiles and going nuts on Honolulu and all these areas.
I could see the main city there, Honolulu, Hawaii, and it was just being annihilated with missiles and everything.
Buildings were on fire and things were being shot down, and it was a very, very sad situation because you could hear the air raid sirens going off and people were running and screaming and trying to get away.
But there's nowhere to escape because it's an island. So people were trying—we were fighting back and everything—but it was a serious issue.
Then the Lord took me in the spirit and I saw Israel and out of Syria.
All I could see was Iran devising a plan, and they were communicating with Syria and they were sending stuff secretly to Syria.
And I saw men coming out of Syria that looked like ants. There were so many men coming out of Syria and marching in a line like soldiers marching.
But they looked like ants. I could see they were red. That's what it was; very interesting. I don't understand that, but they were red.
These men were red and they had their guns and they were marching, and it was like they were coming against Israel.
There were so many of them that they were all in single-file lines, all going at Israel, and they were all coming against...
and I saw a great war breaking out in Israel, a great attack coming out of Syria.
This attack was so... I saw Benjamin Netanyahu, and that's when the Lord said, "Pray for Israel.
Pray for the peace of Jerusalem. Pray for this stuff."And I saw Benjamin Netanyahu.
He wasn't worried, but I could see like he was sweating a little bit, like he was concerned, like this is going to be a major ordeal here.
This isn't just a couple rockets shooting in; this is becoming an all-out war.
And so I saw, like I said, they were all marching out of Syria.
And it was all happening because of no leadership in America; there wasn't strong leadership.
Well, after you watch that, now we see how those words are coming to pass.
I hope this encouraged you today. I just want to thank you for watching with me.
I'm going to pray for the peace of Jerusalem right now. Father, I just thank you for your people.
I thank you that you're showing up and protecting every single one of the citizens. I thank you that your covenant is still as strong.
You said that you would never break a covenant, and I thank you, Lord, that the Covenant that you made with Abraham—Father, that you would protect your people.
You said, 'Those that bless Israel I will bless, and those that curse Israel I will curse.'I thank you, Father, that we bless Israel this morning.
We bless your people. We bless the peace, and we call for peace over Jerusalem.
We call for peace over the land of Israel. We call for prosperity over your people.
Father, we bless them in the mighty name of Jesus, and we thank you that not one rocket will touch the land.
We call for supernatural protection of your angels right now.
We call for angels all over them—from the north, the south, the east, and the west—protecting them. No more kidnappings.
Let all hidden things be revealed, whether that's biological or whatever—no dirty bombs, no nothing.
We call protection over their people, and we call peace over them. We call for wisdom over Netanyahu.
We call for divine alliances for divine strategies of uncovering wicked plots in Jesus'name.
We thank you, Father, that their intelligence department is supernatural, and they don't maybe even know where they're getting it from.
We cause supernatural wisdom to come over their minds, that they would have wisdom regarding tunnels or any kind of hidden secret tunnels, or any kind of torture over the soldiers that were captured.
We thank you, Father, for wisdom for their people, and I ask, Father, even for wisdom for our people, that they would not be stupid enough not to back them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you would give President Joe Biden wisdom to lead our nation and to back Israel with military support—with planes or whatever.
We've given them to Ukraine; we've given billions to Ukraine.
Now, God, I ask you, Father, that we would give our support to Israel.
Father, I'd even ask that we would pull some of that money back that we've given to Ukraine to help Israel out, Father, because there's a blessing on it.
There's a supernatural covering when you say, 'Bless Israel and I will bless you.'So God, we bless them.
We bless them with military wisdom in Jesus'name to protect their people.
Father, I thank you for peace over their land. I thank you, Father, for divine protection in Jesus'name.
We bind the devil from this situation in Jesus'name. We command you to cease and desist in your maneuvering against God's people.
We call peace over the land in Jesus'name, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
I thank you, Father, that there will be a blessing over our land because of it.
We just thank you, Father, for all that you're doing for Israel right now.
We give you praise and glory for it. Father, they're your people, and we bless them.
We bless the people, we bless their culture, we bless it all.
God, we thank you that Jesus is coming soon. We look for your return.
Father, we look for it. Jesus, come quickly. Come quickly, Lord.
We long for you, Father. We long for you. In Jesus'mighty name, we pray.
Amen. Well, I just want to thank you all for watching this video today.
I thank you for all the likes and all the kind comments in the comment section over the times I've done these videos.
I thank you for the support. I believe I'm almost to 70,000 subscribers.
If you're not a subscriber to my channel, please subscribe right now.
I appreciate the support. Put a smile on your face—a great big smile today.
Put a song on your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and I love you.
We thank you for joining us today, and we'll see you next time. God bless you guys. Bye-bye.